Chu Fan is your backer, isn't he?
What I warn don't think I'm going to go
You can be invincible in my Jiang family
You're just hanging around me cheating
The nonsense that only hides behind women
Mr. Yun, I kindly advise you
You look at people?
We must understand the essence of human beings
Don't be fooled by some rhetoric
Blinded your eyes
It is you who are blinded
You know nothing about Mr. Chu's abilities
Mr. Chu, please
No.
Who is this punishment?
First, I succeeded in advancing on the Star of Tomorrow
Then detonated the hot search again
Today, there is still the boss of Skylark Group supporting him
he
But what a master!
The masked song is a god, and everyone will pay for the music world
He entered the draft again at this time
Could it be that he is the masked singer?
He also deserves two people
The Godfather of Chinese Music
Pop First Man
The king of the bright moon recognized by the whole network
If he were anything
How could she look at us, Miss Jiang?
Fall off the altar
Whoever he is
Never let him delay my sister's insomnia
Mr. Chen just called to say he wants to see someone
Then you go over now